[telegraf] update notes and advice (#7411)
captn3m0/endoflife.date: products/telegraf.md

> [Telegraf](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf) is an agent for collecting, processing,
> aggregating, and writing metrics.

> InfluxData have not published specific support periods for their OSS products, although their

Reviewer: I can see an OSS version for Influxdb, but not for Telegraph. Is there really disinct Telegraph OSS / commercial versions ?

Author: No, there's no distinct version - however they do sometimes offer commercial InfluxDB customers Telegraf support across versions as well.

> InfluxData have not published specific support periods for their OSS products, although their
> commercial support policy offers support for the last two minor releases.
> 
> Compatibility is not guaranteed across major releases.
> 
> Telegraf's [release cadence](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/blob/master/docs/FAQ.md#when-is-the-next-release-when-will-my-pr-or-fix-get-released)
> means that there are four minor releases per year with bug fix releases occurring roughly every three weeks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Telegraf follows [SemVer](https://semver.org/). [There are four minor releases a year](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/blob/master/docs/FAQ.md#when-is-the-next-release-when-will-my-pr-or-fix-get-released) (in March, June, September, and December), supported with bug and security fixes.

InfluxData have not published specific support periods for their OSS products, although their
commercial support policy offers support for the last two minor releases.
```

I would :

- Remove `Compatibility is not guaranteed across major releases` : it's implied because they follow semver.
- Use the same wording as https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/blob/master/docs/FAQ.md#when-is-the-next-release-when-will-my-pr-or-fix-get-released, and make it clear what kind of fix can be expected.
- Move the release cadence paragraph before the support policy paragraph (that's how many products on endoflife.date are documented).

WDYT ?

Author: Yeah, makes sense to me
